K8SPXC-1005 document storing backups on azure blob storage (#1147)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/backups.rst

Making scheduled backups
------------------------

Backups schedule is defined in the ``backup`` section of the
`deploy/cr.yaml <https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator/blob/main/deploy/cr.yaml>`__
file. This section contains following subsections:

> * ``storages`` subsection contains data needed to access the S3-compatible cloud
>   to store backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``storages`` subsection contains data and configuration needed to store backups.
```

Reviewer: It is not only S3 now.

``AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_KEY`` credentials will be used to access the storage
(and obviously they should contain proper values to make this access
possible). To have effect secrets file should be applied with the appropriate
command to create the secret object, e.g.
``kubectl apply -f deploy/backup-azure.yaml`` (for Kubernetes).

All the data needed to access the Azure Blob storage to store backups should be
put into the ``backup.storages`` subsection, and ``backup.schedule`` subsection
should actually schedule backups in crontab-compatible way. Here is an example
of `deploy/cr.yaml <https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator/blob/main/deploy/cr.yaml>`__
which uses Azure Blob storage for backups:

.. code:: yaml

   ...
   backup:
     enabled: true
     ...
     storages:
       azure-blob:
         type: azure
         azure:
           container: <your-container-name>
           credentialsSecret: my-cluster-azure-secret

     ...
     schedule:
      - name: "sat-night-backup"
        schedule: "0 0 * * 6"
        keep: 3
        storageName: azure-blob
     ...

The options within these three subsections are further explained in the

> :ref:`Operator Custom Resource options<operator.backup-section>`.

Reviewer: Can we at least explain `azure.container` option? I understand that other options are clear, but this one is relevant to Azure Blob Storage.

One option which should be mentioned separately is
``credentialsSecret`` which is a `Kubernetes
secret <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/>`_
for backups. Value of this key should be the same as the name used to

> create the secret object (``my-cluster-name-backup-s3`` in the last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create the secret object (``my-cluster-azure-secret`` in the last
```
